2004 chevy suburban get a good look at
her dark green in color
rice is $7,600 at Ravenel 4 today
nice-looking suburban paints in good
shape it's a z71 package that's nice set
of Michelin tires good tire tread left
on the tires tow package third row seats
plenty of room in the back let's take a
look at the interior CARFAX says it's a
one owner vehicle it's a red-dot car
that means it's sold as is with no
warranty this one has a tan interior
power windows power locks also has
memory and heated seats Bose stereo
system leather okay power seats rear DVD
player sunroof
has a lot of wear on these buttons right
here that paint is very common to do
that let's take a look at the back
captain Rose seats in the back and the
second row seats here very nice the
leathers in good shape as you can see
see how many miles are on ER does have
full wheel drive okay the mileage you
get two hundred and twenty four thousand
ninety five miles on star let's go
outside and look at a couple more things
here even though it has high mileage
that doesn't always mean it's not a good
vehicle sale price is 76 hundred dollars
market retail is still twelve thousand
eight twenty five okay here in the
market for a suburban at a good price
come on down to Ravenel Ford we'd love
to help you out thanks for watching the
video today give us a call we'd love to
talk with you thank you